README.md, before:


# galenframework-cli


[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](LICENSE) [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/galenframework-cli.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/galenframework-cli) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli#info=devDependencies)

> The command line tool to use [Galen](http://galenframework.com).

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli/)


[Galen](http://galenframework.com) allows automated testing of look and feel for your responsive websites.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/fbwy88pc9ia6429w/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/branch/master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/hypery2k/galenframework-cli?branch=master)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm-dl/galenframework-cli.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli/)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/hypery2k/galenframework-cli](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/hypery2k/galenframework-cli?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Bountysource](https://www.bountysource.com/badge/tracker?tracker_id=15642797)](https://www.bountysource.com/trackers/15642797-hypery2k-galenframework-cli?utm_source=15642797&utm_medium=shield&utm_campaign=TRACKER_BADGE) [![Flattr this git repo](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=mreinhardt&url=https://github.com/hypery2k/galenframework-cli&title=badges&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## Installation

You must have Java 6+ installed.

> (sudo) npm install -g galenframework-cli

In case of errors within Ubuntu/Debian, e.g.
```
sh: 1: node: not find
```

Then you need to install  nodejs-legacy:
> (sudo) apt-get install nodejs-legacy

Commit message:

Update README for tab completion
see #2

README.md, after:


# galenframework-cli


[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/mashape/apistatus.svg)](LICENSE) [![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/galenframework-cli.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/js/galenframework-cli) [![Dependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli) [![devDependency Status](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/dev-status.svg)](https://david-dm.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli#info=devDependencies)

> The command line tool to use [Galen](http://galenframework.com).

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli.png?downloads=true&downloadRank=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli/)


[Galen](http://galenframework.com) allows automated testing of look and feel for your responsive websites.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/hypery2k/galenframework-cli) [![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/fbwy88pc9ia6429w/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/branch/master) [![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/hypery2k/galenframework-cli/badge.svg?branch=master&service=github)](https://coveralls.io/github/hypery2k/galenframework-cli?branch=master)

[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm-dl/galenframework-cli.png)](https://nodei.co/npm/galenframework-cli/)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/hypery2k/galenframework-cli](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/hypery2k/galenframework-cli?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge) [![Bountysource](https://www.bountysource.com/badge/tracker?tracker_id=15642797)](https://www.bountysource.com/trackers/15642797-hypery2k-galenframework-cli?utm_source=15642797&utm_medium=shield&utm_campaign=TRACKER_BADGE) [![Flattr this git repo](http://api.flattr.com/button/flattr-badge-large.png)](https://flattr.com/submit/auto?user_id=mreinhardt&url=https://github.com/hypery2k/galenframework-cli&title=badges&language=&tags=github&category=software)

## Installation

You must have Java 6+ installed.

> (sudo) npm install -g galenframework-cli

If you want to enable tab completion on Linux, run

> galen completion >> ~/.~/.bashrc
or
> galen completion >> ~/.~/.zshrc

On Mac OS X, run
> galen completion >> ~/.~/.profile

In case of errors within Ubuntu/Debian, e.g.
```
sh: 1: node: not find
```

Then you need to install  nodejs-legacy:
> (sudo) apt-get install nodejs-legacy
